Section 05: Visualizing Error Detection
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

.. youtube:: OCq5HOv87nc
        :height: 315
        :width: 560
        :align: left

As we mentioned previously, in journal, the editors may lie in the knowledge, in the reasoning, or the architecture of a nation. And therefore, learning and correcting errors might be applicable to any one of those. However, in this lesson, we will be focusing only on errors and knowledge. In fact, in particular, we'll be focusing on errors and classification knowledge. Classification, of course, is a topic that we have considered this class repeatedly. Let us consider an air agent that has two examples of executing an action in the world. In the first experience, the agent will use this object as a cup and gets the feedback, this indeed was a cup. So this was a positive experience. This, on the other hand, is a negative example. Here, the agent viewed this as a cup and got the feedback that this should not have been viewed as a cup. We can visualize the problem of identifying what knowledge element led the agent to incorrectly classify this as a cup. As follows. This left circle here consist of all features that describe the positive example. The circle on the right consist of all features that describe the negative example. So features in this left circle might be things like this is a handle, there is a question mark, there is a blue interior and so on. The circle on the right consist of features. That characterize a negative example. It has a movable handle. It has a red interior. It has red and white markings on the outside. There's some features that characterize only the positive experience and not the negative experience. There are those that characterize only, the negative experience, and not the positive experience. There are also many features that characterize both the positive and the negative example. For example they are both concave, they both have handles, and so on. In this example, it is these features that are specially important. We'll call them fault suspicious features. We call them fault suspicious features because first they identify only the negative experience. Secondly, one or more of these features may be responsible for the fact that the agent classified this as a positive example when in fact it was a negative example. As an example suppose that this features corresponds to a movable handle. This is a false suspicious feature. It is false because this experience was false. It is suspicious because it does not characterize the positive experience. And thus it may be one of the features responsible for the fact that this was a negative example. But now there's an additional problem. There are number of false suspicious features here. So how will the agent decide which false suspicious feature to focus on? We've encountered this problem earlier, when we were talking about incremental costs of learning. At that point we had said that we wanted to give examples in an order, such that each succeeding example referred to the current constant definition, and exactly one feature. So that the agent knows exactly what the focus that feature is on. The same kind of problem occurs again how might the agent know which feature to focus on. One possible idea is that it could try on of the feature at a time and see if it will work. That is it could select this feature to repeat the process get more feedback and either is accepted or eliminated. An alternate method is that the agent perceived not just two experiences. But many such experiences. So there were other positive experiences that covered this part of the circle. That would leave only this as a false suspicious feature, and then the agent can focus attention on this feature. As an example, just like this circle may correspond to a movable handle, this may correspond to red interior. Because red interior is one of the features that characterizes a negative example and not a positive example. But later on, there might be another positive example that comes of a cup, which had a red interior in which case agent can exclude this particular feature. The reverse of this situation is also possible. Let us suppose that the agent decides that this is not a cup, perhaps because its definition says that something with a blue interior is not a cup. And therefore, it doesn't bring water to you inside this cup and tells you there is no cup available in the kitchen. You go to the kitchen. You see it and you say, well, this is the cup. Now, the agent must learn why did they decide that it was not a cup. In this case, the relevant features are these three features. These are the three features that define this cup, but do not define the other experiences. So this dot may correspond to a blue interior, this dot may correspond to a question mark on the exterior, we'll call this feature true suspicious, just like we call them false suspicious. These are the features that prevented the agent from deciding that this was a positive example of a cup. One or more of these features may be responsible for the agent's failure to recognize that this was a cup

