Section 10: Case Evaluation
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::

.. youtube:: u_9WTXnF8I0
        :height: 315
        :width: 560
        :align: left

So let us return to our overall process for case based reasoning. We have looked at adaptation a little bit. Let's not look at evaluation. The adaptation step has not given us a candidate solution. The evaluation step is concerned with how to assess the suitability of the candidate solution to the problem at hand. So one method of doing evaluation of a case based solution is through simulation. Consider the problem going from the home to the restaurant. Case based reasoning proposed a candidate solution. In order to find out whether this solution actually works, I can do a simulation. I can even do an execution in the [INAUDIBLE]. In this case, we might find out if solution actually works. And we might accept the solution. Now, consider an alternative problem. This time, we have to go from the restaurant to the home, and we decided we would simply flip all the turns. But as we execute the solution, we find out that some of the turns are only one way. Now this particular solution fails. In this particular domain, the cost of executing a solution may be low, therefore we can just go ahead and execute it. In other domains, the cost of execution may in fact be quite high and the best we can do is to first simulate it before we decide to execute it. So evaluation is built very closely into our programming example. Every time we run a program and see whether or not it worked, we're in fact evaluating whether or not our adaptation successfully solved our new problem. When it didn't, we return to the adaptation phase and we try again or we might return to the retrieval phase, retrieve another case to use to inform our solution. In design more generally, we can simulate the design, or we can actually prototype a design. Under the matter for evaluating a design could be to share it with other designers and let them critique it. So there are a number of different methods that are possible for evaluation as well.
