Section 14: Connection to Planning
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::

.. youtube:: 8SagkULUZPw
        :height: 315
        :width: 560
        :align: left

The process of configuration is also related to planning. You can consider a planner that actually generates the plan in this plan obstruction hierarchy. But then for any plan in this plan obstruction hierarchy, then it converts a plan in this plan obstruction hierarchy into a skeletal plan. It drops the values of the variables in the plans and constructs it into a plan it's simply specify the variable without specifying the values. The process of configuration planning then, takes these plans, organizes them into obstruction hierarchy and goes about [INAUDIBLE] shading and refining and expanding them. We already discussed how configuration is connected to a number of other lessons like case based reasoning, planning and classification. You may also consider this plan to be kind of strict for physical object. In addition, this plans have been learned, through learning methods similar to the method of incremental concept learning. In addition, this plan hierarchy might be learned through learning methods similar to the method for incremental concept learning. One of the things that we are doing in knowledge based AI is, to describe the kinds of knowledge that we need to learn. Before we decide on what is a good learning method, we need to decide on what is it we need to learn? The configuration process tells us of the different kinds of knowledge that then become targets of learning. To connect this lesson back to our cognitive architecture, consider this figure once again. So knowledge of the prototypical chair, as well as knowledge about the radius, plans, and the abstraction hierarchy are stored in memory. As the input gives specification with the design problem, the reasoning component instantiates those plans, refines them and expands them. The knowledge itself is learned through examples of configuration of chairs that presumably, the agent is already encountered previously.
